you prepare for significant operational events by being prepared early,
and that could mean just operating the way you would want the inspectors
to see on a daily basis. Now that's a hard thing to do, because
usually when you're being inspected or you're getting ready for deployment,
especially the training involved with getting ready for deployment,
the inspectors and trainers may be trying to nit pick the
small things that they've got to find something wrong. Um, so that's
kind of different, kind of kind of difficult. But, you know, if you
if you set a standard that's based off of like how you want to deploy,
how you want, how you want other people to see you, how you would
want a trainer to see your inspector to see you. If that's just the
way you operate, that can go a long way and make getting prepared
for these events much, much simpler. That's never going to be easy.
There's always gonna be something, but you know, that's 11 thing you
could do